docs: update OEP-21 with note on new usages of depr features (#354)
openedx/open-edx-proposals: oeps/processes/oep-0021-proc-deprecation.rst

For larger changes, it may be important to mention the upcoming deprecation
in the release notes of the next named release.

.. note::

>     If there's a new use of the feature once its deprecation ticket is accepted,
>     then the contribution must provide an ADR justifying its usage, since there is
>     the obvious cost of adding tech debt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If there's a new use of a feature once its deprecation ticket is accepted,
    then the contributor must provide an ADR justifying its usage. This is because
    using the deprecated feature obviously adds new technical debt to the system.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion! I've already applied the changes
